The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one. -John Lennon
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Do one thing every day that scares you. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. -Oscar Wilde
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -Abraham Lincoln